In the server configuration chapter.
We discussed the click jacking technique and the Extreme Options header, which is meant to protect
your site against it.
As a reminder, click jacking is a technique used to fool legitimate users to believe that they are
on the site they think they are, or they click what they think they click.
But in reality, they are usually on the malicious site which has the legitimate site loaded inside
a knife frame which spans across the whole viewport.
In the such setup, the attacker can steal user data by catching keyboard input, clicks, etc..
Now I will elaborate a little more on that.
Extreme Options is one of the HTP headers that can protect your site from being open within the frame.
It has two values.
The first is deny, which will block any origin, even your own, from putting your page in a frame.
The second possible value is same origin, which permits the page to be put in a frame only by pages
which are under the same origin.
In other words, only your site will be able to put its own pages in frames, but no external site will
be able to do so.
Use this value only if you really need to, but any of your side pages in frames browser implementation
for these used to be buggy and the whole feature could have been compromised because browsers were not
checking the whole frame chain.
So for example, this would work because the in there good example dot com is eventually within good
example dot com despite there's this evil example dot com in the middle.
Anyway.
Do use this header.
You can set it either in HD access using heather always set instruction or if you're using BGP you can
send it with the Heather function.
Or if you're using WordPress, it has a built in function for that since version 3.1.3 which can be
used in your theme's function file.
However, it sets the value to same origin, not to deny, to use deny.
You need to create your own function rather than using the built in one.
In any case, just don't use html meta tag.
The extreme option header is supported in effectively all the browsers.
Firefox Chrome eight and newer and Safari.
Finally, the extreme options header used to support and allow from directive to allow certain origins
to display your page in a frame.
But it's now deprecated.
You can use content security policy to accomplish that and this is what we are going to learn now.
Content security policy is a quite complex technique to specify the permitted origins of scripts, styles,
fonts and other resources on your site.
This is just a brief introduction.
We will talk about it in detail in the chapter about cross-site scripting.
So don't worry if you don't get everything now or will have doubts.
One of the security aspects that CSP can control is by which origins a page can be put in the frame,
and it gives us more granular control over that.
And by the way, it's intended to replace the previously mentioned extreme options, whether you implement
content security policy just like any other HTP header.
See an example of this being said in HD Access.
And then example in BHP.
To completely prevent embedding your site in a frame using non keyword like we just did.
It's equivalent to extreme options set to deny.
Frame ancestors is only one of many CCP directives and will learn others in future chapters.
So to only allow the piece to be displayed in a frame by other pages in the same origin, use the self
keywords which is equivalent to extreme options set to same origin.
To allow custom origins to embed your page in the frame, provide them this time without single quotes
separated by spaces.
Extreme options doesn't allow you to go that far, so there is no equivalent for this.
You can combine both keywords and specific origins.
In this example, your page can be put in a frame by other pages in the same origin and by htp s.
W.
W w example dot org.
I will talk about the headers syntax in details in the cross-site scripting chapter and you will learn
how to mix the frame ancestors directive with other directives.
Unfortunately, the content security policy feature is relatively new and it's not backwards compatible,
which means all their browsers will ignore it completely.
In my opinion, if you don't need to allow external origins to embed your page in frames, use the first
method.
We discussed extreme options with the value of denial or same origin.
Despite it will become deprecated in future.
It's much easier to set up, still does the same good job and has wider support.
Earlier, Clegg ducking protection, was done with a little JavaScript code.
But of course it wouldn't work if the user had JavaScript turned off.
Also, a number of ways to bypass this feature have been published and it is not secure.
You don't need to put this code on your site if you use any of the aforementioned HTP headers and definitely
don't rely on it.
Always use the HTP header which will do the job in practically every case.
Now let's think the other way.
How to protect your website when you wants to place a frame with a third party page inside.
This is very important to consider because the embedded page has pretty much full access to the page
that embeds it with window parent object.
This code, when placed on the page that is embedded in an iframe, will redirect the parent page your
page to malicious dot example dot com.
The embedded page can also run others, modify parents, dom, etc..
You see, it has quite a lot of control over the parent page.
What you can do is put an iframe into a sandbox mode simply by adding a sandbox attributes.
With this set up, the iframe can barely do anything.
No script.
We're undecided.
No form will be submitted and it will have no access to cookies, webstore, its plugins, etc..
But because with such restrictions, the frame content often gets useless.
You can lose the sandbox restrictions by applying some value to the attribute.
For example, allow scripts will allow the front page to run JavaScript, but still with limited access
to its parent.
It will not allow parents don't manipulation and it wouldn't let changing the part of page URL.
To allow access you need to use allows same origin, but that pretty much makes the whole sandbox attribute
redundant because without access the embedded page can strip the sandbox attribute from itself.
To allow a redirect, you would have to add allowed top navigation or allow top navigation by user activation
to make sure it doesn't happen automatically, but only on users action like a click.
There are more values for this attribute.
For example, allow forms to allow for submission or allow pop ups to open new windows or tabs.
Check the and the an entry for iframe for a complete list.
One more thing I need to add.
Even if you put the third party iframe into a sandbox, it's still an external resource which you need
to trust before you put it on your page.
What if that site gets hacked?
Or what if it later turns out to be a malicious third party even without being able to run JavaScript?
With time, the iframe content can become something else than you thought when you put it on your page.
For example, a phishing attempt.
For maximum security.
Better to avoid the external iframe content whenever you can.
Do you remember the referrer policy header that we discussed earlier in the course?
I mentioned the referrer policy attribute for iframe tags, which can have the same values as the ATP
header.
It controls how much information the embedded page gets about the parent within the referrer HTTP header.
In this example, the embedded page will get no information about the referrer.
And in the second example it will know only the origin that is scheme hosted at the port, not the full
URL.
The referrer policy attribute overrides the referrer policy set for the embedding page.
In this code.
Despite we said the no referrer policy for the whole page, the referrer will be sent to a they frame.
Please refer to the server configuration chapter for the complete list of permitted values and what
they mean.